everybody welcome act under the line
please inviting guys Gareth plus of
course I asked what you want to see a
new save file Isaac you want to see
random runs we go off on like a top 20%
streak by my standards at least MLR one
p7b zero transcendence and the beam my
favorites of midseason replacement on
CBS
transcendence transcendence and the B
none of all the singers to try to parry
Elton John really I don't have that kind
of range really bad rate of fire damages
okay actually I was going to say bad
because it's under four but that would
be incorrect
three point eight eight is totally fine
speed is good and of course the fact
that we can fly makes up for the fact
that I mean actually the real problem
with this run is lazy worm as strange as
that might sound lazy worm is actually
just trash for us right now I'm going to
drop it then our shot speed like yeah
now it's appropriate our range goes down
as a result but I think that's
completely fine
the ability to fly in the fact that we
have this space bar item that we can use
once per room as not amazing as it is
it's still like good enough to give us a
leg up on on the average run so we got
below average HP show we're not
necessarily crushing it on DPS but we're
not doing too badly but a really really
really good utility item combined with
the space bar item that'll not although
not incredible all not there you go
that's a new word the way better than
the Allnut which is the B Allspark in
the pornographic version of the
Transformers films there's here there's
your punch allenge or wordplay challenge
of the day what would an x-rated
Transformers film be called trans
blowers I don't think so I think you run
the risk getting into some dangerous
territory here
train blowers she sucks off this guy
seed like it's I'm not sure I'm going to
go ahead and say that this one's
probably not going to make it in
Hollywood or wherever the hotbed of the
first off hotbed great term for the
center of art where pornography comes
from but secondly probably not going to
get greenlit in that industry is my
guess maybe a blacklist if you want to
see the kinds of fluids that have been
left on the bed honestly I think I'm
gonna stay away from the large pickup
and a one negative speed right now even
I really have come to value speed you
can go back you know a year and a half
and see episodes where I go oh good a
speed upgrade how useless but to be
honest with you I didn't know what I was
talking about that was a young man's
interpretation of what makes a strong
run sure damage does make a strong run
rate of fire makes a strong run speed
makes a strong run survivable whereas
HP's honestly it means so much less most
of the time then then you would
initially think so
although lard I mean don't get me wrong
there's been situations where we have
essentially won because we've gotten an
HP upgrade at the right time and those
situations happen multiple times per
month for sure but I think we'd stand to
lose more than we stand to gain anyway
this one's popping off we got a really
nice tiers upgrade and then combined
with that we have X plus Evo which is
fairly good most of the time
HP right off the bat kind of stinks
we'll take both of these though dark
matters lovely ghost baby is irrelevant
and we find ourselves really light on HP
but otherwise feeling great lots of
consumables dark matter was a pretty
sizable tears upgrade which is important
or sorry pretty sizable damage upgrade
which is important especially when I
rated fire continues to pop off and
we're still we're still looking good
here little little dicey on the HP front
but that's fine if I've gotten to speed
upgrade on this floor I might have felt
a little sore about the fact that I
didn't go with lard on the last floor
but usually HP upgrades I want to say
they're a dime a dozen we're picking
them up by accident that should tell you
about how precious they tend to be on
average but we've run into the situation
a lot recently over aggression on deals
of the devil can get you killed we
definitely did not need to pick up ghost
baby but when your first choice gives
you a dark matter I think it gives you a
little it gives you like deal with the
devil armor you feel like nothing can
stop you it's not necessarily true I
never really felt that way as a teenager
you know that to some extent I guess but
you know people always go out when I was
like a young man I felt like I was
invincible never really felt like that
remote detonators at least five bombs
it's a good bad item which is if you're
going to get an item you're not going to
want and he could use you five bombs
hopefully we get a tinted rock out of it
at some point but you know drive my car
300 kilometers an hour in the wrong lane
I was never really that kind of kid but
definitely like now there have been
situations where I've gotten out of bed
and like I'm not gonna say it threw my
back out but like pull the muscle in my
back like oh what a beautiful morning oh
what a beautiful and then for the rest
of the day I'm like just kind of
squirming in my seat like it doesn't
quite feel right you know so I rest
assured Issac is about the closest I
come to feeling invincible on a regular
basis and this run is not quite at that
level of invincibility but I've come to
realize that because of the way I play
the game I am probably the greatest
danger to my own self here
and that sounds very egotistical it's
not that the games not difficult but
it's more that we're living in a post
difficult Isak world the average run is
not difficult because we've done 35,000
runs over the course of our life instead
the real danger comes from thinking that
you're going to be fine on a run and
thus betting a little too aggressively
in the early game and then if it trails
off in the late game you haven't got the
the safety net that you would otherwise
have if you played a little bit more
conservatively so I don't intend to
change my play style because this is fun
but I don't know I think that's why we
go through fits and spurts you know when
we get a lot of good starts in a row
start to build up some confidence and
some momentum and then when that
confidence gets eroded that's where we
end up you know losing three runs over
the course of four videos or something
like that having a relatively
unimpressive time of things but for
right now how could I not be loved in
life you know we've got some like
sixteen sixteen wins in a row and I'm
feeling like a man on to the next
sixteen which is probably not something
we should get too attached to but I
remember what it was like to have that
like 110 Street going it wasn't at the
time this is very Tooting my own horn
admittedly but it wasn't like I was
worried Polyphemus it wasn't like I was
worried about the next drug I was like
we got the next five no problem even
without knowing what the seeds are going
to be I just feel it in my bones it took
like a a one in a hundred quality
garbage seed in order to kill us on that
one and I feel that I feel similar right
now not quite the same you know I
haven't built up the the same degree of
confidence because you know we're 1/10
of the way they were out like 1/8 of the
way there but we're getting there dude
and I'm feeling good I'm feeling the the
potential deep inside of me at phrasing
we didn't have like a Council of Nicaea
as English language speakers on double
entendre because I think we're a little
too fast and loose but I don't know if
this applies for other languages and may
well well somehow that sort of works you
know there's so many words you can't say
now because they have a mild you know
erotic connotation in it I don't support
that I want to be able to say thick
without it being like you know da II
know what I'm saying I want to be able
to say moist moist is an important word
it's a great word to describe a
chocolate cake for example and honestly
if you can't handle that word first off
I can't help but feel you're going to
have a hard time in modern society if
you're already an adult and you're
dealing with a distaste of the word
moist I understand but I'm a man you
you're going to face greater hardships
than that on a regular basis you know
every day you're going to be
encountering situations where you're
like you're going to tell me you're
going to be like I wish that this person
that is you know cutting me off in
traffic was nicer but at least I'm not
saying moist I don't know if I buy it
either way dude no spirit hearts in
there is actually dire that was a such a
botch of metaphor I just want to move on
please allow this okay we were too fast
and loose with the with a double
entendre I don't respect it
neither rework some words calm is the
big one you know you can't oh you can't
get a call from your friend and they'll
be like hey where are you you be like
don't worry I'm coming and without
getting a kill kill kill kill you know
we can do better not just as as speakers
but as comedians these are lazy bits of
humor and I believe that we got more
comedic potential inside of us
I got a comedian up inside of me can get
a special on HBO but I got a sitcom on
NBC
careful dude we cannot buy a spirit
heart I mean literally we cannot buy a
spirit art but also figuratively with
all the resources that we have we can't
manifest a spirit art into existence and
it's driving me absurdly crazy here
this we should be completely set but the
games leaving us in a an awkward sort of
limbo I still I mean I believe that
would have found it but I got to check
in just in case all right well we're
down to the next floor with 21 damage
that's great one and a half HP that
point is good not quite as good but not
a certainly not a run that I would be
favored to lose at this point but it can
go wrong quickly this is not a train
wreck what it was this is like a Space
Shuttle crash you know a train wreck
library yeah library with no books that
provide us with healing but okay sure no
problem
I guess we'll probably go Book of
Shadows even though we used it for no
reason on that room the invincibility
will be nice and if we get something
that allows us to like the virus for
example we touch an enemy they could
generate hearts for us that's important
bookworm also potentially pretty nice
but especially with our damage as it is
right now Nine Lives would be wonderful
here like a train wreck
admittedly I know nothing about it but
it's the kind of thing people say all
you know you it's gross but you can't
look away you can sort of you see a
common it's more like a shipwreck
honestly right like from what I
understand about like a cruise ship
crash that actually takes like an hour
to happen it's never like power and now
we're at the bottom of the ocean you
know it's like a hole has been blown to
the ship and now we're tilting to the
side at the rate of like three degrees
per minute so in a half hour we're going
to be totally tipped over here this run
is the potential to be more like you
know the freaking oring we bought from
the cheapest bidder exploded upon like
rapid depressurization or something like
that and
it's a tragic accident not to make light
of of course something that was you know
in a dire moment in American scientific
history I'm just saying the metaphor the
metaphor is innocent death card it's
okay the death card is ahead of just
just desire a spirit heart here it
doesn't have to be a spirit heart it
could be nine lives if we get nine lives
we win we get dark Judas we probably win
we're almost I wouldn't say almost
guaranteed we've got a good chance of
getting a deal with the devil on this
floor so that could happen we get HP we
probably win we can definitely afford to
be as a Grove as we want to our donation
machine which we have built from 0 to
999 over the course of like a year and
now have finally gotten back sackboy is
usually like a game-winning item in and
of itself so I'm not not feeling too bad
right now even just getting our death
card back it doesn't seem that good but
it is because it gives us the ability to
go one more room without using Book of
Shadows and who knows how that actually
ends up you know working out for us long
term this is important you know Thomas
this is irrelevant lockup is nice but
largely irrelevant puberty good in the
future and addicted just genuinely bad I
don't know if I've seen this is actually
remarkably similar to that Judas run we
lost on I think it might have been our
last loss just no HP for several floors
despite the run being well actually that
run was garbage way so we got one and a
half HP as long as you don't press Q we
shouldn't be able to lose here
lump of coal is fine dude
this is like it's the best worst one we
should examine more for tinted rocks
without a doubt but there's there's a
mild but very real chance that we could
be leaving this floor with one and a
half HP and that's if we don't get hit I
don't know if I'm willing to bet the
farm on that okay well is absurd I have
faith certainly we got a chance at boss
rush here the dream is that we're able
to pick up a spirit heart at some point
dude the luck is really nice don't get
me wrong but kind of need a little bit
more than one and a half spirit outs at
this point thank God we didn't throw a
little bit more HP away in the early
game we couldn't have known it but I
mean well actually NL with the causality
as it is technically that would have
changed the entire universe that we find
ourselves okay well you know what you
got me
but it doesn't mean much for me in this
situation unless we can Ashton Kutcher
ourselves into a little spirit heart
placement smallest of all the loot
chests I've ever seen
super like genuinely thrilled that we
have managed to get a big fan here which
is going to block shots for us
surprisingly important apparently and
Book Of Shadows is like actually a 10
and a 10 item if you don't have the HP
necessary to you know weather the storm
so to speak so very happy with that as
well please no new enemies are being
created I'm worried we're going to blow
ourselves up with X Box Evo though dude
the luck is out of control
I'm so grateful at the same time would
it kill you just give me the opportunity
to buy a single spirit heart I don't
know what voice I put on here this is
like hey it's my first time out of the
state can you tell me what kind of
sandwiches are good here in Rhode Island
dude now that we're on one HP I'm
actually genuinely now I'm saying
genuinely a lot it's because I'm
freaking scared B I'm so scared I just
used B as a as a term of endearment I
don't even understand what that means so
we got to watch our but for champions
like this joker right here i was
actually in my head you might be
surprised to hear this I constructed a
conversational bit I was like man I'll
be really ironic until Hart showed up
here considering the situation but I
didn't have time to say it before two of
hearts showed up there made light of a
dangerous situation just give me the
shot please the fool is actually
important
24 bobs like that two of clubs we took
earlier is actually proving to
potentially be very important you've
been using these bombs to try to just
manifest a demon heart into existence
basically your boy always says he wants
these glass cannon runs and here we are
especially Oh
[Music]
especially funny because I just said
like oh I'm not yeah I'm feeling so
confident I'm not worried about this run
I'm worried about the run five runs from
now you know the perfect time for hubris
to come back and bite me in the butt the
Joker card is kind of a weird call you
know what I don't feel comfortable it's
Popat Joker cards kind of a weird call
because it is sensible for us to pop it
we know we can't fight Krampus and our
odds of getting a deal with the devil
are pretty bad however it does give us a
good chance of tractor beams fine it
does give us a chance to get out of the
boss rush which is important especially
if there's HP upgrades in there and of
course do the lard upgrade not taking
that has come back to bite me I can't
believe it who would have thought well I
also I was going to construct a bit as
well about like wouldn't it be funny if
we end up fighting greed in our shop and
then of course there is we were able to
kill him pretty easily so I can't
complain too much it's our second item
room and it's spider butt which is
lovely but kind of lacking in the area
in which we require I don't actually
know if I've ever seen you know I don't
feel comfortable in this room I know if
I've ever seen a run go this long
without readily available HP
it is for real a new era they've removed
tinted rocks from the games skulls no
longer have any chance to pay out
apparently feel like I'm losing my mind
here lost like one speed Oh disregard
okay to spirit arts well at the pace
that we've been going to spirit arts
should be enough to win the whole game
so I mean thank you game for being so
generous I really appreciate it just
give me an HP upgrade I'm not give me
brimstone give me mom's knife I'm not
sweating it
you have actually constructed a monster
like I have no interest in nerfing
myself at all on this run because we've
been on the verge of death for a hundred
years you know what maybe this is a good
formative moment for me to renew good
habits and Isaac we had to play
intelligently to survive and we've been
kind of throwing HP away a little bit I
guess we should roll full card instead
but we've been throwing HP oh-- away a
little bit on recent runs so to have a
run that forces us to be smarter about
it might be a good thing for Cano
algae's I mean we need to keep the full
card we should use Baccano but I'm
hoping to make it to boss rush it's not
going to happen I would almost guarantee
it at this point we got to kill this
boss too quickly
it still could happen which is why I'm
being 100% silent right now it cannot
happen anymore which means what do we
care we should just take the Joker card
with us the fool card doesn't really
matter because we're not going to use it
to teleport out of boss rush anyway so
we don't need to have duplicated
teleporters we should have made it
considering the fact that we're on a we
have twenty-one to image thanks like
really really good but you know best
laid plans of mice and men
something-something want to make God
laugh tell them the best laid plans of
mice and men George and Lennie great
book John Grisham real page-turner
naturally no the line is written by John
Steinbeck I'm quite literary you know my
teacher forced me to read that in the
ninth of grades you see Lenny represents
the violence of innocence okay grab this
no I don't want your junk a junk is an
iron that can't get no love from me we
have a 66% devil chance on this floor
all right so we like basically very
marginally improved our health I did
throw some away but that's you're
allowed to not throw it away but like
you're allowed to get hit in Isaac we're
not quite at that point in the meta yet
close maybe but just a you know look at
it like three years from now Wow Enel
got a hit on this run why does even play
this game 10,000 hours I don't know why
I'm being so needlessly antagonistic
today there's no but it's because the
run actually is making me aggressive to
be honest a few more spirit hearts I
know we got two on the last floor I'm
not bitter that's a start
that's like probably slightly above the
average number of spirit arts you'd
expect to get per floor so thank you it
does not make up for five floors of
nothing but it's it does help and it
doesn't really matter what the average
is what matters is what showed up we're
looking for spirit hearts I'm trying to
save and this might be backwards in
terms of what we should do but I'm
trying to save my invincibility charge
until we know that we're going to love
using it the main hopefully semi obvious
reason there being that illuminated bulb
is actually flipping sick
it's an awesome stance upgrade and in
particular oil there we go
in particular we can use the speed and
the rate of fire increase so I'm
definitely not going to say no to this
if we can make it pop the Flies from
locusts of pestilence are really nice
yeah we've been pop it here the Flies
from locust the pest ones are really
nice especially with 22 damage but I'm
prioritizing basically it's not even
much of it tears upgrade but still a
little upgrade to every stat is pretty
nice I'm still holding out hope for nine
lives nine lives would be sick and
fairly likely we basically have a
guaranteed deal with the devil on this
floor and my clock upgrades what a cruel
joke we basically have a guaranteed deal
with the devil because if we don't get a
deal with 60% then we're going to just
go use the Joker card but it'd be nice
to get one on this floor and then we
have a guaranteed deal on the next floor
yeah that was actually really dumb that
was um stubbornness basically I chose
not to use Book of Shadows because I was
like I want to keep my stats up grapes
and then they just jumped on top of me
which I should have known but okay HP
and tears this is actually really really
nice we've got two workable HP there and
then sake bus is lovely and we might as
well take sack dagger for this permanent
polaroid invincibility although you know
it does leave us on no rechargeable HP
but I think the permanent polaroid
invincibility is well worth it oh my
lord this run has no business being this
dangerous it's so good I would reroll
the whole thing sock it to me I would
take some spirit arts sock it to me I
don't know it's kind of tough we can
already fly I actually don't think it's
that tough we shouldn't take it one HP
is usually bad
when you when you already have permanent
Polaroid invincibility and you're not
like on the razor's edge which I hope
we're not but I guess you never know one
thing that rock / floor is not bad we
could do better I might have to be wary
though because I know my own self to
thine own self
we truly should say that's really nice
actually so I know that there's a decent
chance that I have just missed like 80
tinted rocks and that's why I always you
know at least lately my intention is not
to say like the games not giving me
tinted rocks but rather I'm not getting
into drugs as none of the games does
giving them I'm not getting them maybe
there's you know the mental postal
delivery service was posting the return
to sender accidentally maybe mental ups
called me and said hey there was nobody
at your door when we tried to drop off
the package so we had to take it back to
the home base and I said oh really
there's nobody at the door okay that
makes sense because I leave my house
ever see you looting we're not going to
fight Hache by the way you had any
inclination that we're fighting OSH you
lost your gourd and we did get a deal
with the devil which means guaranteed
deal with the devil on the cathedral all
you got to go empty vessel bud that is
invincibility at the cost of like just a
little bit of HP so I'm not worried at
all about that what I'm going to do is
use the Joker card immediately
technically we could get HP that would
make that devil deal take Abul first off
we sort of don't want anything in there
and then secondly was weird the shot
just hung in the air like tractor beam
keeps them all on a single line but keep
it in the air I don't know
[Music]
stationary either way uh we didn't want
anything in there to begin with plus the
odds are we probably just won't get any
extra HP take it guys so good okay so
we're gonna Emperor right now basically
try to get the heck out of this floor so
we're in a very very good spot except
for the fact that if anything ever
touches us I will be extremely close to
death so your mileage may vary it's it's
not an easy run it's a surprisingly
difficult run I'm very very don't insult
me I'm very very happy with the empty
vessel though it's already given us a
lot of invincibility and run some Valley
I'm going to take shielded tears even
though it's plausible we shouldn't mitre
is potentially incredible lifesteal and
mom's pad I can't imagine them being
good but we'll take mom's pad to see if
we get the transformation and then I
don't know cards I guess they can only
give us pills unless we have unless we
have a starter deck so I can't deny fast
run you know we just made it through the
last three floors in under six minutes
or something but you're going to have to
excuse me when I'm not that excited
about it because I'm extremely
frightened about the fact that if we
ever take a hit at all our chances of
winning go from like you know eighty
percent of fifty percent so screw that
all stats upgrade dude I think we should
be using invincibility constantly at
least on rooms in which we can't kill
everything immediately
succubus plus Polyphemus is like an
ideal pairing don't get me wrong i you
know i'm i welcome your judgment on this
run by the way especially now that it
looks like we're going to come through
with a win am i just actually losing it
did i squander way more HP than I than I
thought I did
or is this run like on the bottom you
know bottom third maybe of amount of
spirit arts that a run can drop because
I really feel my perception was like
good God his sort of screwed us on this
one and I don't know if we would have
been able to make this run work if we
didn't have Polyphemus or if he didn't
have the you know great stats regardless
I'm loving this expose Evo shielded
tears of course our rate of fire is not
amazing necessarily although it's pretty
good for having Polyphemus so when we
stick an enemy the shot has to not get
broken before we stick them but then
after that it's like a shield on top of
the enemy butter and I don't think the
only way I could see this being sweet
for us is if having no space bar item
counts as having a fully charged space
bar item for the purposes of illuminated
bulb but then we wouldn't have
illuminated bulb either
so you know kind of a confusing
situation there because we don't have
the ability to hold two trinkets but
we're going to get out of this you know
now again the run has done the thing
where it makes me look like a freaking
liar you know we've gotten such good
items
well not such good items necessarily
we've gotten so many spirit arts and
demon hearts that now it's like we're
you complaining about anybody that just
flips to the last page of this audio
visual novel is going to be like oh
another easy run you don't know dude
you weren't there okay I was there I was
at the first can show in Cologne
we got going on here double monstro -
don't make me laugh was your death
animation like a day and a half you can
back up your whole hard drive on a
floppy diskette you're the biggest joke
on the Internet
hey can you just stop moving for this
Angry fly you do nothing except enable
Beelzebub just fart off okay this is my
run off oh now you're making me mad good
69 item that's not even close to looking
like an actual 69 or looking like a fool
with pants on the ground yeah you know
what soymilk Polyphemus with shielded
piers and explosive Oh actually I think
this might be incredible even though it
sort of looks like it's substantially
worse I think in terms of the actual you
know time to kill it's not worse and I
think especially against like high
damage enemies it might actually be much
much better
oh we do lose a lot of damage when we
let me get out of illuminated bulb
territory but it's really like you know
we pay a high upfront cost to stack
these explosive Oh shots but then the
expletive Oh shots don't do a lot of
damage individually but there's so many
of them that there's like a Mass Effect
now the scary thing always always is
that we could have the opportunity to go
to the void floor I think I would be
fine fighting delirium right now
especially if we like to get endless
explosive Oh stacks up and do the
explosive like sticky
know as no delirium the explosive sticky
shields are so good there anyway that
rum is fun at the end but started a
little sketchy for now that 17 in a row
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode if you didn't click the like
button helps out a great field of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future I'll see you soon with some more
Isaac have to have a good day /
afternoon / evening and if I don't see
you good afternoon good evening and good
night